10 billion
Did I hear that correctly?
What he said
10 billion, this guy must be crazy
10 billion to buy Xingyue Media
Mr. Lin, are you sure you want 10 billion?
Sure
You must be lying.
Even my Liu family can't come up with this 10 billion in cash
You bumpkin upstart
How can there be so much cash?
I see
You are disrupting the market rules.
Random bidding
Your Liu family can't come up with this 10 billion
It doesn't mean that I, Raymond Lam, can't do it.
Bah, you're still pretending now that the time has come, right?
I require capital verification
Mr. Lin followed the auction rules.
We need to verify your capital before acquisition
Would you like to
Capital verification is possible
But I'm worried about blowing up your POS machines.
I really think I'm a fat person
Still trying to be strong here
Haha if you are really that rich
I gave him the license plate on the spot.
Then Liu Shaoke will have a good time.
There is no need to verify the capital anymore.
I will just swipe away the 10 billion